Exercises:

2.1:
1. A program that can be run on multiple systems and types of computers without change
2. It's portable, i.e. it can be run on many different computers without a specific version for each, as well as being robust because it supports making programs that don't overwrite memory.
3. A thread is an independant process that does not run in tandem with another thread, but can run its code at the same time as another process

2.2:
1. Java Virtual Machine
2. The 1s and 0s that go straight into computer. JVM is an interpreter, that uses the JIT method (converting to byte code as it comes across a line, instead of beforehand).
3. An applet is something that is already converted to byte code, and can be placed on places like the web

2.4:
1. A program is something that can run on your computer to do calculations or work for you.
2. Prints to screen and placing a newline character (\n) at the end
3. See below:

System.out.println("Eamonn Nugent");
System.out.println("#HOUSE NUMBER REDACTED# June Rd");
System.out.println("Stamford, Connecticut");
System.out.println("#PHONE REDACTED#");

2.5:
1. Editing, Compiling, Executing
2. They are errors that appear as you convert the program to byte code
3. Forgetting a quote on line A, forgetting and ending parenthesis on line B
4. It makes it so the next maintaner of your mess of code has some general idea of what it does before rewriting it

2.6:
1. It is an allocation of memory used to store data
2. It takes whatever is on the right side and assigns it to whatever is on the left side
3. It is an object that allows you to easily take input from the console
4. Double is a double-precision data type able to store numbers with decimals up to an inconviently huge limit
5. Print outputs to the console what ever you have written to it, whereas println inserts a newline character at the end (\n)

Review Questions:
1. Java is secure, portable, and robust
2. It is the machine code written in 1s and 0s
3. It's the Java Virtual Machine, used for JIT compiling (Just In Time compiling), rather than compiling all at once
4. System.out and Scanner
5. Missing a semicolon and missing a parenthesis
6. You need to write the program, you need to compile the program, you need to hope the compiler doesn't throw errors, and you need to execute the program
7. It allows for better readability, i.e. allowing the next mantainer of your code to hopefully understand what you have written
8. It allows you to access external libraries for simpler code