Exercises:
1.2:
1. A bit is a 1 or 0, whereas a byte is 8 1s and 0s
2. System.in, System.out (There are no others, other than advanced stuff like KeyListener), unless stuff like printers, monitors, keyboards, and speakers
3. Extra storage space for your movies
4. RAM is Random Access Memory, and it is used as short term, high speed, volatile memory for programs and open files
5. Hardware is something you can touch, software is the program behind the hardware

1.3:
1. 227
2. 1115
3. ASCII is the American Standard Code for Information Ihavenoidea, where as Unicode is sort of like an extended ASCII - it uses up to four bytes for special characters
4. 15
5. 2

1.4:
1. It isn't easily readable, and it is incredibly hard to write in - a 1 or 0 misplaced, and you had no idea where it was. An extra 1 or 0 somewhere, and you might as well just give up
2. Very fast, and human readable
3. It loads and runs the machine language program
4. High level languages are easily human readable and can deal with the memory for you, whereas assembly is low level and runs at extreme speed

1.5:
1. Figure out what the program is supposed to do and find a way to do it
2. Maintenance
3. To clarify what their program is going to do
4. Textbook says analysis. No programming is done in Analysis, so I vote wherever you first do the programming

1.6:
1. It is like building - the frame first, then the core, like plumbing, then the majority, or drywall and appliances, then the last finishing touches like paint and carpets.
2. Object A can tell Object B to do anything and Object B will do it, and Object A can possibly do something with what Object B has just done
3. It is a portion of a program, that may or may not be able to run on its own, and it mainly used for human readability and objects.
4. Inheritance is where a class can use the same variables and/or methods as its superclass
5. It's where classes and threads can do things without gaining any information from them

Review Questions:
1. CPU, RAM, Aux. Storage
2. Keyboard, mouse, microphone
3. Speakers, monitor, printer
4. Application software is stuff for the user to get on their own, system software is what actually runs the hardware
5. Assembly, COBOL, Cobra (Yes, that's a programming language. Along with Brainf**k)